[EuiDataGrid] Pass scroll position data as args in onScroll (#8688)
elastic/eui: packages/eui/changelogs/upcoming/8688.md

> - Added scroll position data as arguments for `virtualizationOptions.onScroll` for virtualized `EuiDataGrid`'s

Reviewer: [nit] on a first read it's not so clear… I would rephrase

```suggestion
- Added scroll position data as arguments to `virtualizationOptions.onScroll` for the virtualized `EuiDataGrid`
```

Author: Updated in https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/8688/commits/7e43380b32cb8679552efdf7ce30a3628d5aa851
